docs: Cloud Cluster Update Page (#53660)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/upgrading/cloud-cluster-updates.mdx

Reviewer: We could also include current latest teleport cloud version. The one we've bumping after every upgrade:
- https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/53686

---
title: Cloud Cluster Updates
description: Provides a high-level overview of Teleport cluster updates on Cloud.
---

> Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) clusters composed of Auth and Proxy Services are automatically
> kept up to date with patches and minor releases following the release schedule

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) clusters, the Auth Service and Proxy Service are automatically
kept up to date with patches and minor releases following the release schedule
```

Otherwise, it sounds like not all Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) clusters are composed of Auth/Proxy services, and only those that are get updated.

described in [Teleport Upcoming Releases](../upcoming-releases.mdx).

- Major version updates for the cluster typically occur one month after the
release of a new major version. Minor version updates and patches occur more regularly.
- Major version updates will not occur if any connected Teleport Agents are more than one major version behind.
- Updates only occur during your scheduled maintenance window.
- Teleport Agents are only updated automatically if you enroll them in [managed updates](agent-managed-updates.mdx).

## Notifications

Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) users will receive notification in the Web UI when
a cluster update is scheduled. The notification will include the version
and maintenance window during which the update will take place.

![notification-scheduled](../../img/cloud/notification-scheduled.png)
![notification-message](../../img/cloud/notification-message.png)

After the update has been completed, users will receive a new notification
indicating that the update has finished.

> ![notification-complete](../../img/cloud/notification-complete.png)

Reviewer 3: I don't know if we really need screenshots of the notification in the docs. 

We don't really lose much information by removing them, and it's one less thing to keep up to date as the UI changes.

Author: I thought about including them short term since customers may not know what to look for and removing them after a few months.

> ## Expected Impact

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Expected impact
```
We use sentence case in headings

When an update occurs, some active sessions through Teleport Cloud may be terminated.
SSH sessions between Teleport clients (tsh & tbot) and agents running up-to-date
versions of Teleport will be unaffected. However, other connections longer than
5 minutes may experience a single connection cut that is immediately resumable.
To minimize potential disruption, please keep your Teleport clients and agents up-to-date.

> ## Maintenance Windows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Maintenance windows
```
